Quest 1
Stm 1. On page 3, when the author mentions the possibility of people turning into puritans, she is using this word to refer to people who

A. lived a long time ago

B. rarely make a mistake

C. are serious and reserved

D. dress in plain and dark clothing

EndQ 

Quest 2
Stm 2. At the beginning of the essay, the author suggests that people are so concerned with having fun that they

A. try to find fun in all their experiences

B. spend a lot of money trying to have fun

C. join groups to learn how to have fun

D. avoid new experiences that may not be fun

EndQ 

Quest 3
Stm 3. What is the author's point about big occasions like holidays?

A. They go by too quickly to be enjoyed.

B. They are not as much fun as people expect them to be.

C. They have become too centered around money.

D. They help us to appreciate the important events in life.

EndQ 

Quest 4
Stm 4. The author assumes that the people reading her essay

A. probably had fun going to amusement parks as children

B. prefer dangerous experiences over fun activities

C. may be worried that they are not having enough fun

D. enjoy discussing the topic of fun

EndQ 

Quest 5
Stm 5. On page 4, when the author tells us to "treat fun reverently," she is encouraging us to

A. look forward to having fun

B. have great respect for fun

C. teach others how to have fun

D. have fun less frequently

EndQ 

Quest 6
Stm The following paragraph is from the essay.

     Think of all the things that got the reputation of being fun.
Family outings were supposed to be fun. Education was supposed to be fun. Work was supposed to be fun. Walt Disney was supposed to be fun. Church was supposed to be fun.
Staying fit was supposed to be fun. 

6. What is the author implying in this paragraph?

A. It is possible to have fun in a wide range of activities.

B. A person's reputation is based on how much fun the person has.

C. Most daily activities are less important than we think.

D. We should not expect everything in life to be fun.

EndQ 

Quest 7
Stm 7. What is the main purpose of the article?

A. To explain why the aquarium released the white shark

B. To compare white sharks with other fish living in captivity

C. To argue that white sharks should be studied more

D. To describe how one white shark survived living in an aquarium

EndQ 

Quest 8
Stm 8. On page 2, when John O'Sullivan says the baby white shark is fascinating, he means that she

A. was swimming very fast

B. was very interesting to watch

C. could swim better than other sharks

D. liked to perform for aquarium visitors

EndQ 

Quest 9
Stm 9. According to the article, why has it been difficult to keep white sharks in captivity?

A. They grow too quickly.

B. They escape from the outer tank.

C. They do not eat.

D. They need very large tanks.

EndQ 

Quest 10
Stm 10. On page 2, when the article says that the baby shark had been caught accidentally, this means that

A. the fisherman was not trying to catch a shark

B. the shark was hurt while it was being caught

C. the fisherman had used a special floating pen

D. the shark had bumped into the fishing boat

EndQ 

Quest 11
Stm 11. After she was captured, why was the baby white shark kept in a special floating pen?

A. To help her get used to a small space

B. To make sure she would not attack other fish

C. To help her learn how to eat different food

D. To make sure she was not sick

EndQ 

Quest 12
Stm 12. Why did scientists attach a tag to the white shark before setting her free?

A. To track her growth over the next few years

B. To make sure she stayed healthy after her release

C. To prevent her from being caught by fishing boats

D. To track where she swam after her release

EndQ 

Quest 13
Stm 13. What is the main purpose of the article?

A. To describe the events leading to the passage of the 19th Amendment

B. To identify the states that first supported women's voting rights

C. To discuss the most important leaders of the suffragist movement in the 1800s

D. To explain why the Equal Rights Amendment has not been ratified

EndQ 

Quest 14
Stm 14. According to the article, women in New Jersey in the 1700s could

A. campaign for public office

B. participate in political debates

C. join political parties

D. vote if they owned property

EndQ 

Quest 15
Stm 15. According to the article, what was most surprising about the "Womanifesto"?

A. It was written by Elizabeth Cady Stanton.

B. It called for equal voting rights for men and women.

C. It was based on the Declaration of Independence.

D. It had such a large number of resolutions.

EndQ 

Quest 16
Stm 16.  On page 3, the article says that Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony would become icons of the women's movement. This means that the two women would 

A. become religious leaders

B. be pictured on the "Womanifesto" document

C. become important symbols of the movement

D. be ready to sacrifice everything for the movement

EndQ 

Quest 17
Stm 17. On page 3, the article says that women in the suffrage movement "pressed their case state by state." This means that the women 

A. spoke with newspaper reporters in many states

B. strongly urged the states to pass women's suffrage

C. traveled in large groups together from state to state

D. introduced the idea of women's suffrage to the states

EndQ 

Quest 18
Stm 18.  In her book, America's Women, what did Gail Collins suggest was the reason that the Wyoming Territory passed the first permanent suffrage law? 

A. Because the small number of women there would not have had much political influence

B. Because the suffragist movement was very active in the western United States

C. Because most politicians there chose not to vote on that resolution

D. Because it was important for women to have the vote in such a dangerous area

EndQ 

Quest 19
Stm 19. Which of the following does the author primarily use to persuade his readers to help fight e-waste?

A. Real-world examples

B. Interviews with scientists

C. Comparison and contrast

D. Historical context

EndQ 

Quest 20
Stm 20.  On page 3, the article says that Robert Sterling uses donated computers to motivate his students. This means he uses these computers to 

A. communicate more easily with his students

B. keep track of his students' progress

C. encourage his students to be more involved

D. teach his students new concepts and strategies

EndQ 

Quest 21
Stm 21.  On page 3, the article says that some computer makers are designing more "environmentally responsible products." This means that the products are 

A. able to adapt to the environment

B. required to help the environment

C. made from natural materials

D. less likely to harm the environment

EndQ 

Quest 22
Stm 22. According to the article, what is another benefit of recycling e-waste besides helping the environment?

A. Recycling makes computers easier to build.

B. Recycling can help raise funds for good causes.

C. Recycling helps improve current technology.

D. Recycling improves government services.

EndQ 

Quest 23
Stm 23. What is the central purpose of "Alien Invasion"?

A. To point out that invasive species come from many different countries

B. To argue that invasive species are a serious problem that must be solved

C. To describe the damage that invasive species cause in Australia

D. To suggest that invasive species can be stopped only with the government's help

EndQ 

Quest 24
Stm 24. "Alien Invasion" relies primarily on what form of evidence as support for its argument?

A. Quotations of famous scientists

B. Multiple definitions of invasive species

C. A series of examples of invasive species

D. Descriptions of different methods of control

EndQ 

Quest 25
Stm 25. According to "Alien Invasion," Australian farmers imported cane toads into Australia in order to

A. help save their native beetle populations

B. eat the sugarcane that was taking over their other crops

C. stop an alien species of beetle imported from Hawaii

D. eat beetles that were destroying sugarcane crops

EndQ 

Quest 26
Stm 26. What is the central purpose of "Home on the Range"?

A. To inform people about two opposing views

B. To convince people to take a particular point of view

C. To describe recent scientific discoveries

D. To challenge a common belief

EndQ 

Quest 27
Stm 27. In "Alien Invasion," on page 4, an Australian official says, "We cannot tolerate a situation" where cane toads are traveling across the Australian continent. This means that the official thinks that Australians cannot

A. find a solution to the problem posed by cane toads

B. understand why cane toads are such a problem

C. allow the cane toads to continue causing a problem

D. permit the cane toad problem to become well known

EndQ 

Quest 28
Stm 28. On page 5, when "Home on the Range" talks about vast parks in the Great Plains, this refers to parks that

A. have mostly flat land

B. have protected sections

C. are owned by private citizens

D. are extremely large

EndQ 

Quest 29
Stm 29. According to "Home on the Range," some scientists think that moving African animals to the Great Plains would help improve the area's

A. resistance to alien species

B. economy

C.  biodiversity

D. research facilities

EndQ 

Quest 30
Stm 30. According to the article, why did Ellie do much of her research after 6 p.m.?

A. She did not want people to learn about her project.

B. She did not want to inconvenience motorists.

C. She had to focus on a sample of 50 meters.

D. She saved money because the meters cost less after 6 p.m.

EndQ 

Quest 31
Stm 31. According to the article, what did Ellie learn from doing her meter project?

A. Every fourth meter ran too quickly.

B. Nine out of ten digital meters were accurate.

C. 3,600 parking meters were inaccurate.

D. Almost none of the 50 meters ran too slowly.

EndQ 

Quest 32
Stm 32. What happened when Ellie presented her report at the science fair?

A. She won first prize for her computer-generated graphics.

B. Other students were interested in her findings.

C. Parents wanted to tell her their own parking meter stories.

D. She decided to pursue meter monitoring as a career.

EndQ 

Quest 33
Stm 33. What was the city of Berkeley's reaction to Ellie's findings?

A. The city hired 50 more meter monitors.

B. The city let the state legislature handle the problem.

C. The city gave refunds to people cheated by the meters.

D. The city purchased 2,000 new parking meters.

EndQ 

Quest 34
Stm 34. In the article, the governor of California speaks of Ellie's "ingenuity and dedication." As used in the article, the word "ingenuity" means

A. cleverness

B. fame

C. stubbornness

D. gratitude

EndQ 

Quest 35
Stm 35. "We don't get reports this thorough when we pay consultants hundreds of thousands of dollars."

The author included this information to

A. show how the city saves money

B. describe the city budget

C. emphasize Ellie's achievement

D. criticize the city of Berkeley

EndQ 

Quest 36
Stm 36. This passage is mostly about the

A. hardships of ocean travel in the nineteenth century

B. struggles of the early immigrants entering America

C. many opportunities to make money in America

D. effect of immigration on European countries

EndQ 

Quest 37
Stm 37. What most worried the immigrants about the medical examinations?

A. They did not want to be sent to the hospital.

B. They could not afford to pay the doctors.

C. They did not want to be deported.

D. They were too seasick to stand in line.

EndQ 

Quest 38
Stm 38. What did the immigrants dislike most about their trip to America?

A. Seeing Ellis Island for the first time

B. Leaving their native countries

C. Living conditions aboard the boat

D. Letting the Americans off the boat first

EndQ 

Quest 39
Stm 39. The statement that immigrants had to "contend with border guards, thieves, and crooked immigration agents" means that the immigrants

A. were being introduced to America's legal system

B. learned that America had many people

C. learned to adapt to America's freedoms

D. faced obstacles that might discourage some people

EndQ 

Quest 40
Stm 40. Ellis Island was called "the doorway to America" because it

A. was the place most immigrants had to pass through before entering the United States

B. had a large and famous entranceway that immigrants walked through

C. was the only port in the United States where foreign ships could dock safely

D. was actually a large ship that carried the immigrants to the United States

EndQ 

Quest 41
Stm 41. The United States eventually reduced the number of immigrants allowed to enter the country because

A. the United States already had too many people

B. the immigrants were taking jobs away from American workers

C. the immigrants had too many hardships to face in America

D. the country that the immigrants came from was angry about them leaving

EndQ 

Quest 42
Stm 42. The main purpose of the article is to describe how robots can be programmed to

A. locate metal pucks

B. work with each other

C. recharge their own batteries

D. perform five basic behaviors

EndQ 

Quest 43
Stm 43. Based on how the robots in the article are equipped and the behaviors they are programmed to perform, which of the following jobs could they most likely do in someone's home?

A. Open cans of food

B. Open doors and cabinets

C. Pick up shoes on the floor

D. Move furniture around a room

EndQ 

Quest 44
Stm 44. The following sentence appears in the next-to-last paragraph of the article:

"With this simple social contract, the robots needed only 15 minutes of practice to become altruistic."

Based on how the word is used in the article, which of the following best describes what it means to be "altruistic"?

A. To engage in an experiment

B. To provide assistance to others

C. To work without taking frequent breaks

D. To compete with others for the highest score

EndQ 

Quest 45
Stm 45. What change occurred when the robots were taught to share?

A. They did their jobs more efficiently.

B. They could accomplish small goals.

C. They performed more specialized tasks.

D. They began following each other in a line.

EndQ 

Quest 46
Stm 46. Which idea from the text about the Anasazi do the photographs support?

A. They were able to create many useful objects.

B. Farming was probably their major source of food.

C. Wood seems to have been their primary building material.

D. Their life became much easier when they moved into the cliff dwellings.

EndQ 

Quest 47
Stm 47. The Anasazi's life before 1200 A.D. was portrayed by the author as being

A. dangerous and warlike

B. busy and exciting

C. difficult and dreary

D. productive and peaceful

EndQ 

Quest 48
Stm 48. The title and photograph on the first page of the article are probably meant to make the disappearance of the Anasazi seem to be

A. a personal tragedy

B. a terrible mistake

C. an unsolved mystery

D. an important political event

EndQ 

Quest 49
Stm 49. What made Dorothea Dix so successful in getting her point across?

A. She had taken speech lessons as a child.

B. She examined issues from many viewpoints.

C. She talked loudly to get everyone's attention.

D. She did not care what people thought of her.

EndQ 

Quest 50
Stm 50. How did Dorothea Dix prepare herself for visiting a state?

A. She examined the amount of charitable contributions made by the people in the state.

B. She counted the number of people with mental illness in the state's prisons.

C. She gathered information about taxes and humanitarianism in the state.

D. She studied laws and proposals for change in the state.

EndQ 

Quest 51
Stm 51. What was one of Dorothea Dix's goals that was mentioned in the passage?

A. Establishing a trust fund for teachers of people with mental illness

B. Finding a cure for mental illness

C. Establishing asylums in Russia and Turkey

D. Getting national laws enacted to improve living conditions in asylums

EndQ 

Quest 52
Stm 52. Why did Dorothea Dix's first memorial (report) cause such an uproar?

A. It was too long and poorly written.

B. It concerned a topic no one wanted to discuss in public.

C. It contained personal information about Dix's health.

D. It attacked the reputation of several members of Congress.

EndQ 

Quest 53
Stm 53. The training Dorothea Dix received from her grandmother paid off because it

A. helped her learn how to accept criticism

B. made her decide to be a Sunday school teacher

C. helped her to conduct careful research

D. made her aware of the problem of people with mental illness

EndQ 

Quest 54
Stm 54. What would most likely have happened if Dorothea Dix had not taken careful notes during her visits to the asylums?

A. Her research would never have been accepted.

B. She would have had financial problems.

C. Her grandmother would have been embarrassed.

D. She would have developed a better memory for detail.

EndQ 

Quest 55
Stm 55. Why is Dorothea Dix's poor health mentioned periodically throughout the passage?

A. To make us feel sorry for her

B. To remind us of the difficulties she overcame

C. To highlight her unrealistic attitude about good health

D. To draw attention to the effects of tuberculosis

EndQ 

Quest 56
Stm 56. The first passage is mostly about

A. the settling of the Oregon Territory

B. the development and use of the Oregon Trail

C. reasons that people wanted to move to Oregon

D. the plight of American Indians

EndQ 

Quest 57
Stm 57. The second passage is mostly about

A. the catching of a particularly large catfish

B. how a brief diary account can become a short story

C. how a daughter tried to impress her father

D. a "slice of life" from along the Oregon Trail

EndQ 

Quest 58
Stm 58. The reason that the second passage is believable is that it

A. is based on an actual diary entry

B. has dialogue between the characters

C. has a surprise ending

D. includes elements of suspense

EndQ 

Quest 59
Stm 59. What evidence shows that traveling the Oregon Trail was dangerous?

A. The United States and Britain almost fought a border war.

B. In a 16-year period, at least 30,000 emigrants died on the trail.

C. What few doctors were available along the trail were poorly supplied.

D. Red Cloud and Crazy Horse fought to save their homelands.

EndQ 

Quest 60
Stm 60. Who started the route that later became the Oregon Trail?

A. French fur traders

B. Pioneers

C. Indians

D. British soldiers

EndQ 

